# My Life

I am a Kenyan youth in the middle twenties with a commitment in doing all that is, positively possible, to achieve the best in life and bring change to this world, which I will be remembered for even after my last breath.
My life began in humble beginnings in the early nineties in a village in the upcountry where I stayed for a very short time before becoming a tourist moving from one place to another depending on where my dad was being sent to serve the nation. In my whole life I only new the existence of two to three kinds of careers or professions, being a priest, a doctor or working for the armed forces. So for me I liked being a priest since mostly during holidays I would go to one of my priest-uncle's place.

When I joined high-school I had strong interest in getting to know more about computers and technology though at first things seemed to be hard till in the second year when my dad made me assist his secretary in budget preparation using spreed-sheets and funny enough that was my holiday assignment. Going back to school there was an opening cat which I scored the highest with a big difference between me and the second person, and that is when things changed. I read more for my self since the tutors during that time were not to be relied if one wanted to progress. So by the time I was done with high-school the spirit and passion was deep in me. Though I developed an interest in: nutrition/catering, from my good cooking which everyone at home praised; forensics  and human psychology, so as to get to know people better and interact well with them and be helpful to my community and people around me; I settled to having a career in the IT field.

First thing in the beginning of the year after high-school I got employed by a distant family member to run a cyber and stationaries shop which was running within the same office as his clearing and forwarding agent company. After about 8 months I decided to do a bachelors degree in Computer science. Since I dint do physics in my K.C.S.E it was hard for me to get admission to the preferred higher education institutions. So I went to C.U.E.A where they first placed me to take a pre-university course then join their degree course after 2 semesters but after I was done, I went to take my degree in Kabarak University. This I where now one begins to wonder what the course is all about mostly in the first half of your course duration. In the third year with the curriculum and little exposure at that time I came to realize that I have to push myself to do more at-least to have a career.

After campus I tried to search for a job as I took a mobile programming course but towards the end of the stipulated curse period, I had a tragic road accident. I thank God for keeping me alive, which forced me to totally rest for months. I then started making follow-up on my team's progress in Negawatt challenge that I took part in, shortly before the accident and one step at a time I was back again. After the challenge my team, now Pawa Tele Ltd, was the first runners up. After that I made a trial to get into Andela and be a fellow but I was not successful, though I was offered the chance to attend Andela21 program for a period of three weeks. So after having like five real interviews since I completed my bachelors degree, I decided to join Moringa School and have an experience that will up my game in the software development field. And here I am at Moringa, with a mission to create connections and opportunities, through understanding the people around me, while enhancing my skills, hence increasing my abilities to identify problems, and providing solutions that will positively impact and ease our daily activities.